foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is the season three finale and we're gonna have
a Bible study tonight I'm going to bring you two passages
these two passages will be about civilian women and
their most potent drug
[Music]
foreign
passages tonight and the first one that we're going to look at is from Hippocrates
the second is from a guy named Gaius Valerius flaccus which you which you um
are a little bit familiar with by now because we've used him a couple of times but we want to show everyone we want to
tell the kitties and we want to show everyone the right right everybody's looking for the right they want to know
the right so um tonight we're at a place where we're going to again set that ship for that
late Bronze Age ripe mystery religion right and we're going
to step out of that ship we're going to try to see through a couple of these ancient authors we're going to see what
the um what's actually going on tonight's theme is
a woman that we have yet to see I've got a little subliminal messaging here
packaged that we need to show you first as usual just to kind of warm up to get
our juices flowing chewy lightspeed foreign
[Music]
foreign [Music]
so we start tonight at a place that's a little bit behind where the historians
like to start they like to start in the Iron Age for some reason they think the city it's just I don't know maybe they
were deposited here by someone um they're part of these tribes that are
moving and a mobile populations and they've got branches throughout
different parts of the Mediterranean Asia Minor and the ionian coast yes oh
God we love this stuff these are beautiful let's go to them right away let's run to our First Source our First
Source tonight and by the way for those of you who are following with the right just keep your hands in the car at all
times um let's do this bring up hypocrates I
summon hypocrates yes come here you old fool um this is from the Hippocratic Corpus
I've been working with my students with this text this week my grace students because as it is ionian Greek it is
ionian Greek and it's good for them to get exposed to something it's not quite attic you know what I mean get some of
that good homeric you know you can't be talking about dialects with me unless you've been there you know what I mean I
love it this is ionian this is the scientific Greek this is what all the
Hippocratic stuff is and you love it you're going to get these these ionian philosophers along the coast there was
modern day Turkey right can you smell it I love this stuff okay
throw up that Greek there let's look at this a little bit great please
there was this scythian group the scythian clan yeah in Europe right which lives okay
listen to the the attic is okay the ionian
isn't that nice it's a nice little dialectical difference
uh they're around Lake miotis which is um the Sea of azov right right excellent
excellent we showed that subliminally you should have it programmed we got there to that place we found it we
landed thanks Chewie you can land now that's fantastic all right and um these
people were different says Hippocrates or the Hippocratic Corpus whoever it was that wrote this
right deaf fat on they differed right from the other nations yeah they're called sauromations
the sauromatai the sauromatai they're
called yeah and the women of these people again a little bit of ionian Greek here not the attic two-tone but
the ionian to debt on you like that they throw in a little extra a little extra
vowel doesn't get assimilated of that of these people what are the women do he
says the hippods they ride horses and they took celsi toxelsi they shoot
arrows poison arrows okay and they are Contin they throw javelins from horseback
as they're riding wow this some tough people okay and they fight
with these soldiers they fight in Wars
they find in Wars isn't that neat um and then we get the line that throws us
all the curveball okay don't take your take your medicine right take
your nausea pills guys right my regulars will know this right take your nausea
pills
that's how they become parthenic until they become a parthenos well wait
that's the age of able to produce children so but not having had any
children yet that's what a parthenos is right um You can also call her a heifer right
um yeah wow um this is fantastic wait a minute these
girls were in the Cavalry and using toxic bows
using the riding the horses yeah apparently they were so darned good they
could they could kick anybody's butt right even the Romans Mr professional Army right
even they could you know were no match for these
tribes these horse cultures that are living around the Black Sea some of what
you call the Amazonia right the Amazons
the Amazons right what do we know the Amazons do we know that they cauterize
one breast why do the girls cauterize one breast Hippocrates says down below he says
their mothers cauterize their breasts right they're right breast why is that
because you know when you're jumping around on a horse at Gallup which is this is what these girls can do you they
can jump around move around the horse as the horse is Galloping and they can sit and shoot you from your
front while they're running at a full speed away from you they can shoot you
while running away that's fantastic how can you get beyond
that wow that's that's incredible wait a minute what happens when they become
virgins there's right now you see how terrible my students you should see how
terrible is that translation for parthenosis Virgin now when they become of age they'll start having children
right what do they do what do they do they have to kill three
enemy once they get three enemy killed then they can
take a man it doesn't say they can enter into marriage it says they can take a man they can take someone after they've
killed three people have to kill three
um it's a sacrifice right it's part of the sacrifices that must be made you
talk about human sacrifices right sometimes in the performance of the mystery there
has to be an understanding of the nature of the sacrifice
right and if our if our young women
who are going to be producing the future generation
if if they are not properly sanctified
right um what are we doing what are we doing what kind of you know
we don't need any of this right all of this is brought to us as we saw last week from like a friend by the bow
by that bow right with its poisons okay I wanted you
to see in the um go ahead and put up yeah that's that's pretty much um in the
next I just want to see in the next paragraph of that work he talks about the
cauterizing of the breast and that process of doing it so what an amazing amazing figure just
stop for a minute and say we stepped out of our ship we're in the late Bronze Age
and we see one of these people from this
tribe this special tribe that lives around you know the Sea of azov
yeah Lake miotis let's see what one of these
citizens you know for lack of a better word and that's my word I'm not giving them
that because they didn't talk like that with each other um one of their kind
one of their ethnicity let's see what she's like let's pull around and see what she's like well we have a very nice
example that is given to us is given to us by a fellow who guarded
The Sibling books sibling books and everybody's going to say right away oh yes the heart of Rome
right the prophecies right all this stuff is is written and no it's not even
the right language you're looking at right okay remember follow the drugs if you
ever get lost put your hand out grab that rope that's on the side of a cave and follow the
drugs all right follow the drugs we're gonna go to she who was called by
dracontius isn't that a nice name Pontius
means Mr Dragon she who is called Miss by Mr Dragon skeeta
skeeta it's our word for the scythians wait a minute you mean there was one
woman who was called sitha yeah and
medal who the median people call themselves
after the medes yes my God they called her skeeta isn't
that nice right it comes from they had a verbso meaning to shave your head they
had to take your scalp right it was proof If you're going to want to
enter into marriage you have to have some kind of you know
you got three are you sure it's a big battle a lot of confusion right you gotta show what you're you got
to show what your worth is who is this person let's see her let's see who the Medea is
now from Valerius flaccus I want to go to our second text but before we do I just
want to tell you um this is a place for the education so remember that we always have to go to
the Sea for that education remember who we are we are farmers
we're Fisher people we are people who range
and migrate and found cities colonize
and we are people who who live on horseback
right where people who become one with that horse
right and that horse is something something very very important that that
horse is so important that you see that horse right into the Parthenon right you're
thinking oh my God what class is your thing what does it have to do this is two Eastern right well it has everything
to do with you morons look at the Parthenon
why is she who she is why is there the association of the horse
why do we have this Divine virgin you guys realize we worship this Divine
virgin right I'm going to show you that Divine virgins most potent drug
her most potent drug and um but we have to start in the sea right
where everything starts bring us a c um the little
yeah bring us to we're teaching about the sea today go ahead [Music]
remember what this f i s h word spells
fish at the fish right under the sea
there's the fish swimming under the sea
now you can read the word fish as you can tell the Mycenaean Greeks
were getting their drugs from under the sea yes they're getting there they're
getting their purple from under the sea oh we gotta love this we gotta love this
okay let's bring up I want to bring up guys Valerius flaccus and as we're going there I want you guys to look at this
your text has a couple of different um differences than mine does I'm using
what I consider to be a better text um but there's a couple of minor changes but this is a good yeah here's a good
breakdown of you of a short passage that comes to us from guys Valerius flacus
and I want you to remember now he has access to the sibling books okay so he's you could say a the last
pair of eyes that was on our subject right those Mysteries
embodied in that dactylic hexameter yes those Mysteries are buried within
the Prophecies of the sybils yeah you thought it was Latin didn't
no love it bring it up bring it up so
remember he's got access to this material that's the past and the future in the present that's how
that Oracle works and the last eyes to have this
that we have something surviving from or Gaius Valerius flacus who was one of
the quindec and weary he was one of the 15 people who guarded these books
and one of the 15. now you know some later they disappeared right destroyed
possibly possibly spirited off and possibly hidden somewhere up up the
backside of some Templar [Music] did you know really quick the devil
won't mind this really quick did you know those Templars in the trials they talk about they're interviewing some of
the some of the yeah thanks chewy Chewy's cheer meows Chewie loves the Templars
um yeah did you or did you not say the documents the Inquisition documents did
you or did you not lick the tip of the male member or the anus of
your Superior come on people
how many of us how many of us have been in that situation how many of us have been there
yeah um it was purple because it had that drug on it right the Templars had that
purple cross in their shorts right because stop it's not that
purple cross in your shorts right
why would you have a Crossing short because they're using that burning purple which we'll see refer to Here In
this passage you're gonna love this okay so remember we're in the cult environment we just stepped out of our
ship we're watching it we're sitting you have a front seat right now to ancient
cult is going on okay let's see it let's do it I'm gonna
read from my good copy here okay love it and we begin
yes yes give me a second here Where'd I uh Rouses that I'm wrong so I'm probably
gallstones match and see where more equal going well it's my order there we are
Carmina she praised these greater prayers my order is
she praised that hecatee send in to her
greater wheelies what are we race greater powers
greater powers yes what are these Powers
um on a very practical side we're talking about the capacities of drugs and this language is used on the medical
side you're about to get hit with half a dozen medical terms
right we're talking about the powers of drugs whether or not drugs have been adulterated oh my God you classes out
there are you guys you got to get this together man this is
our chance oh our chance whose chance is this this
is the Muse's chance get your act together um look what we're doing um just she
prayed that hackity would send these Powers now into herself yes and that she
could stand there she stood there you know content to neck gonna tend to not
not happy all right not satisfied not not satisfied with what notice when anus
with the poisons that are known the known poisons right these are the
poisons that you and I would have access to that we would know about and she's
not satisfied with those she wants those ones that are in development she wants those ones that
are deep that you can't get to unless you've been initiated
do you remember what we read about Medea that she is that Priestess who initiates
oh now we get to see her now we get to see Sita in action the scythian queen we
get to see her in action right right you say wait a minute no her ethnicity she's part Greek
what whatever right whatever dude right
can you see her let's see what she does right I think she's Libyan yeah I think
she probably has some Greek relations because she's got family she's got royal ties so yeah a lot of stuff but she's
prophesying from Sarah everybody remember all you classists remember that she's prophesying from Sarah pindar save
that that her her own prophecy she is the first Oracle people
wow before it all blew up that's gorgeous gorgeous anyway let's keep it
going so what does she do king is a very unusual Lion King
yeah what what her wait a minute who where's the main verb
here Ryan where's the main verb here jump down a couple of lines right
look at promet she brings out from what do you do when you promise something you produce it from one place to another
right and that can be include a process these are all words that are used in
conjunction with the making of medicines so it doesn't surprise us that she promised she produces from her sinus
wait what she produces from her sinus yeah
yeah after it is abrasively rubbed round
you know she produces what the Caucasian flower
the flower of the caucuses isn't that nice what is that she produces it it's a
flower that she produces from the sanguinous from the blood of Prometheus
yeah from the blood of from the Promethean what not just Prometheus himself from the blood of the Promethean
fibra do we have a febra up here what is it where's the febra here we go oh look at
this people what is a fever a fiber or a filament that's nice look at number two the entrails
the interest now for those of you who want to take the extra step the philologist look at the very top
where in that second set of lines it says a fiber filament and a plant and part of an animal's body Etc and it says
CF Networks CF Ned will see the nervous what is the
narrows it is also a fiber or a sinew or a tendon writing tells us it's that thing that is
stretched out it's that straight thing that is stretched out that tendon or
nerve right yeah yeah
um what do we stop what do we have here what do we have here hit that there we go thanks
um look at be here people right look at B here do you see that little Latin expression
membrane where relay yeah what is a fiber what is a nerve it
is that tension that is stretched when we are going into the orgasmos
yes it is the membrane where relay that just means the male member in Latin
which is their fancy um avoid avoidance way of saying penis
yeah that's a penis right so what does she do she collects
from her sinus that flower that flower that is produced by what
it's produced by the stretching penis
yeah the Promethean origin that vulture stands over it says she's the vulture
media is the vulture that sits over Prometheus
yeah yeah where is that parthenos where is that parthenos okay buckle up
because it gets even dirtier and it gets we're going to talk about fetuses
we're going to talk about fetuses this is fantastic material yeah so she produces a stroke along with the gramina
those grasses that are nourished by the wind those erbite those drugs that are
nourished by the winds remember Medea writes is an author of the first hymns
to the wind to the wind isn't that nice why is she doing that because that's for those with
those who have ears to hear right we know exactly what those winds are that's
what she works with fantastic love it yeah anyway
um This Crew this cruel this substance
it's sacred and it endures right and grows you know on these Frozen slopes
in this Frozen mass of storm right grows this thing this substance and it is what
it is a an immortale it is Immortal it doesn't lingues get see that verb
language it doesn't diminish in strength I can ask it it
doesn't diminish in strength not even up to the ends of the of the long ion
right you like that you like that and at the same time okay wait a minute you're
starting to get lost go ahead and take it down in Latin and I'll just translate it here um you're starting to get lost a little
bit right because you're right within the celebration of the mystery what happens to this flower
this flower start it stands safe
Contra fulmina against the lightning it stands safe against the lightning and
in the middle of the flames wait wait wait wait wait is it on fire
yes it's on fire in the middle of the flames
those Powers open up they fluoresce you have to have that heat remember
those Venoms provide that heat we were just looking at phyluminous last week and he says those Venoms are powerful
because they contain the seeds of Fire seeds fire those of you who bought into
the Evangelical fairy tale that is the Bible
yeah you were ripped off a little bit this there's actual practical history behind here right it's a shame on you
Harvard get your legion up and go take back the take back the New Testament bro
right take back the New Testament don't you have some Scholars out there who can
do that don't you have some people you know these archaeologists wouldn't be having so many questions if we were on
our stuff you know what I mean if we were doing we should be doing but I don't mean classes right because I have
the PHD in classics right and if those of us who have been professors
right didn't and our professors didn't preserve and guard those tags then we're
not doing our job okay we're not doing our job and you know what's going to happen it's Tartarus baby it's Tartarus
you know what happens to those you know who failed the Muse right you come in
you prostitute The Muse where do you end up in Tartarus check it out you Colossus is no you know where you end up the
devil's waiting man and this stuff just turns him on people like that just turn him on he's just waiting to show you and
Chaldean hoop skirt exactly what you should be doing you know what I mean
let's see what happens here um who was it first right who was it first
who found this oh it was hackity right she's the one who first made the Harappan or the Fox right the the harpy
she's the worst one to make the harpy yeah she is do you know what a harpy does a Harpy has a scythe and a harpy
cuts off your testicles like that how would you like that do you know what
Hermes says what does Hermes say to the to the idiot Odysseus who's looking
everywhere for drugs everywhere you find him he's he's out hunting for drugs right and he's not looking for drugs and
he's and he stumbles across a woman who is Hermes has to tell he says uh be
careful because she may cut off your manhood yeah he said huh he says yes first she's
going to drug you and she's gonna use her wand to do it
now I don't know maybe that appeals to some people but Odysseus he didn't want to go that
route you know he saw what it did to his men he didn't want to go that route yeah so
he made her swear you know I mean he made his swear he's like don't cut off my hoo-hoo and she's like
well then sleep with me he's like okay but no funny business
right so she comes in prisoner for a while you know eventually let him go
because he cries all the time oh dizzy you thought the Odyssey was
about Odysseus this is not right it's about Cersei and it's about Medea
yeah and it's about their influence an amazing info these are amazing women
amazing women I just want to say a word to Cambridge a shout out to Cambridge and you guys know I'm gonna do it Mary
beard shout out to you Mary beard for being so for being
such a poop throwing primate that you would
that you would Devour the riches of the Muse and spit out something like well
Athenian women stayed at home all the time they didn't do anything which first of all is not a scientific statement
right that's not an academic statement that's just a theory right that you're trying to propagate it has nothing to do
with the actual history and you know um uh I hope
and Tartarus that you're able to find some sort of penance
you know it's under the heel of the medwa yeah the people who are developing
these drugs and these civilizations yeah this is shame on shame on people shame
on us Classics shame on us right I wouldn't wish anything but the
highest standard on classicist I wouldn't wish that anything but the highest standards you people knew what
you were doing right you didn't you weren't doing this for careers I don't know maybe you were but
most of you there's some kind of Kernel I know classes there's some kind of Kernel we want to preserve these texts
you know Helen comes out and has a party and put drugs the drugs the wine so people are so blitzed they wouldn't care
if you killed their parent in front of them yeah and yeah women didn't do anything
right they didn't do anything no they just developed a giant science you know
it's the anti-kythera of pharmacology anywho Medea is using her own body in
case you didn't notice she's using her own body to produce this drug that it
becomes the linchpin of everything nothing can happen without it yes and
it's connected with the purple it's connected with the purple for those of you I've got a rush I can hear the I can
hear the dogs beginning to bark yes um but anyway
hecatee showed this right to her assistant to her assistant she showed it
to her assistant and um yeah and after what happened right who's your assistant
right her assistant is Madea all right um and what did she do what did Medea do
after 10 Cycles in the 10th cycle of the moon
yeah yeah yeah is it yeah is it Phoebe here is it
Phoebe let's see it's the lightener right yeah hmm
when she's ready to give birth what happens she met it feta feta method look
at it that's a method feta method feta method what does she do what does she do
she harvests the fetal stuff oh oh my
God she harvest the fetus oh this is
seriously yeah no this this stuff they're doing is quite you know it's again considered a sacrifice
it's considered a sacrifice and where are you doing this all you're doing this in the place this one's going to throw
you even the classes here the classes you're going to get thrown where is she doing all of this
you know where is all this practice this mystery where is it coming from it's coming from that weirdness
it's coming from that Essence that is so strong within her and what is the Roman name for that
Essence Juno you know she now do you understand who the wife
of God is the wife of God yes she is that power
right and you suddenly say to yourself oh my God these are all women
we have a trinity of women that we're working for Venus the Morning Star
Artemis excuse me Venus the Morning Star the Virgin and Juno wait aren't these
the three wait a minute these are the three that the Hesperides Apple
Heracles yeah the daughters the poisons
the mystery the Dragon yes yeah welcome back okay now as you
wake up as you wake up realize the right that's going on she the text continues flacus
continues on to talk about how he stretches out and rigor he has he has his uh moment of release
his pain is it's described as unmitigated pain as she sits over him and she begues the Earth she reduced the
Earth and that's literally what it says it says she makes do d-e-w
d-e-w from the gore from that cool
that Holy thing that sits in the apocalum in the sacred cup
that golden cup she produces the foam afrodite she who comes from the foam
yeah are you seeing it that's why I told you we had to go to the ocean right and in the very next lines
Venus arrives to both power Her speech in her hand
Her speech in her hand yeah which if you knew the magic you'd know oh okay that's this area in that
area yeah this is gorgeous people this is gorgeous and we have so much of it
preserved we have so much of these rights preserved if classicists would get up and start
doing their jobs right with these tags come on people Ryan come on take it back
take back the territory right keep the museum open boo to Princeton for cutting off its own
head philologically no more Greek they say boo on you Princeton Prince done I'm
sure you have plenty of ideas and plenty of Notions plenty of theories and you
know what they're worth zilch give me some texts
yeah let's roast them let's get those let's get those people from Princeton's you and let's Build
That Barbecue that we found in the Codex wallowani you know what I mean a metaphorical barbecue let's barbecue
them I got a Princeton guy right now metaphorically on a barbecue and I'm gonna do to him he's we'll call him Joe
Princeton oh God I'm just gonna start it like this this is the season finale right for
season three season four we're gonna bring you some upgrades gotta give you some upgrades and
um I'm going to construct a torture chamber I didn't want to give that away early but it's somewhere that we can
pack young and now we're gonna have Joe Princeton come here yes I'm going to
introduce I'm good I already want to call him up I want to come up you know what I mean he has the soul of some dead
sophist you know it's disgusting it's disgusting the
Fury's Joe the furies say your greed stains your soul with the stench of ruin
right long time before long time before that was ever you know
um um popularized we're talking old we're talking old Joe Princeton I'm gonna give
you a theriac and I'm gonna I'm gonna administer it where they administered therax I am and I'm gonna I'm gonna show
the world Joe what you caused us to miss we need to see this guys um I wanted you
to see the strongest drug was the one that she made herself
yeah I look forward to next season I look forward to seeing everybody I'm
going to officially go on a week's vacation um where I will
have one week to enter into cross the space-time Continuum to be able to enter
into a place where I can associate with the dead this will be my one week
naquion so it's starting now it's starting now I will see you guys back
um uh Friday after this one yeah for one week right we're just doing one week run
sorry should we plans I just do okay I'll see you guys and I promise to bring
you back fresh fresh material right out of the jaws of those demons right right out of those
right crawling right up out of the creek oh I just love it hail Satan
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
just put all the different masks and ask questions that that Feller might have